Hi my name is Chris and I know you are busy so I will get straight to the point and put my money where my mouth is.

I was on Yelp earlier and saw Steven A Cury, OD has very high rankings for Lasik Centers. 

That’s why I know you will be interested in making the most of the visitors that find you through Yelp.  This is something you can capitalize on immediately.  In fact, this one small change can dramatically increase the amount of surgeries you perform this month. 

And since Steven A Cury, OD is rated so highly on Yelp, this technique will surely work for you.

Before I get to that, you should know where this advice is coming from.  Without wasting too much of your time, here is a short list of some things we worked on this past year:
- Generated 18,031 new leads using content marketing
- Created a Google and Bing Advertising PPC campaign that generated 1129% more leads for an education client
- Ran an email marketing campaign that created 181 new clients in a single year
- Ranked on the first page of Google for 343 keywords in the highly competitive healthcare space 

So when it comes to identifying marketing opportunities, I know my stuff.  And I understand if you’re skeptical, that’s why I am providing proof.  Just check out the graphs and tables at this link: www.imgur.com/a/dSiUg

Anyway, this technique is so simple that you will kick yourself when I say it:

**  Send your visitors regular emails! **

Of course, these aren't just any emails, but a highly targeted and highly engineered email technique that will keep your business in the front of their mind.  It will keep Steven A Cury, OD in their face. It will be all they think about. Then they will pick up the phone and make an appointment.

It sounds crazy, but it really does work. 

In fact, I have put together a 100% FREE, content-packed White Paper based on the great success we have had using this technique and how it applies to Lasik.

I know you are always getting solicited so I wanted to give you some great value for free.

This way you can learn some REAL strategies to start landing new clients and you will see that we are the real deal.

You can download the White Paper here: http://bit.ly/1HYjNHv

Enjoy this free gift from me to Steven A Cury, OD!

Sincerely,

Chris Salvato
347-803-8847
